= Neuro =

Practical neuroimaging      [[pna/index]]

== Image Registration ==

20171029: Merged with /Volumes/D/z/a/brain/ImageRegistration

=== 07kostelec.pdf ===
Abstract. To register two images means to align them so that common features overlap and differences — for example, a tumor that has grown — are readily apparent. Being able to easily spot differences between two images is obviously very important in applications. This paper is an intro- duction to image registration as applied to medical imaging. We first define image registration, breaking the problem down into its constituent compo- nent. We then discuss various techniques, reflecting different choices that can be made in developing an image registration technique. We conclude with a brief discussion.

=== 10.1.1.371.3795.pdf ===
CHAPTER 8 Image Registration
J. Michael Fitzpatrick, et al.


=== MII_registration10.pdf ===
=== regis2012.pdf ===

http://sbisc.sharif.edu/~miap/Files/Medical%20Image%20Registration.pdf
MedicalImageRegistration.pdf @article{hill2001medical,


A survey of image registration techniques ... Brown (1992)
http://www.gardeux-vincent.eu/These/Papiers/Bibli1/Brown92.pdf
Brown92.pdf @article{brown1992survey,
A comprehensive survey of image registration methods

http://adessowiki.fee.unicamp.br/media/Attachments/courseIA369O1S2011/MainPage/registration_survey_2.pdf
registration_survey_2.pdf @article{zitova2003image,
10.1.1.86.8364.pdf 
This paper aims to present a review of recent as well as classic image registration methods.
... The intention of our article is to cover relevant approaches introduced later and in this way map the current development of registration techniques.
[This is the 2nd survey in 2003, after Brown 1992.]

https://dspace.library.uu.nl/bitstream/handle/1874/18921/maintz_98_an_overview.pdf
% maintz_98_an_overview.pdf	        1995670 Sun Oct 29 13:32:08 2017
@article{maintz1998survey,
[scanned pdf]

http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~cis/cista/746/papers/Fitzpatrick93ReviewOfRegistration.pdf


Find that nice python paper ... by Roche ...
