= MATLAB =
Sun 08 Sep 2019 05:44:07 PM EDT

(base) ~ (2000): Gtk-Message: 00:56:01.587: Failed to load module "canberra-gtk-module"
https://github.com/MajeurAndroid/Adb-Remote-Screen/issues/14

== Ubuntu 1804 ==
https://linuxconfig.org/how-to-install-matlab-on-ubuntu-18-04-bionic-beaver-linux

1. Go to https://www.mathworks.com/downloads
2. Sign in as tr****@bio*** [~/lu/w5/101/matlab/matlab.txt]
3. Download
matlab_R2019a_glnxa64.zip	      136650742 Sun 08 Sep 2019 05:44:07 PM EDT
4. cd ~/Downloads
5. mkdir R2019a; cd R2019a; unzip ../matlab_R2019a*.zip
6. sudo su
7. ./install & 	# install to /usr/local/MATLAB/R2019a
8. Create symbolic links to MATLAB scripts in: /usr/local/bin
9. Your installation may require additional configuration steps.  
1. The following products require a supported compiler:  
    Stateflow 10.0 
    Simulink Coder 9.1 
    MATLAB Coder 4.2 
    Simulink Test 3.0  
2. Simulink requires a C compiler for simulation acceleration, model reference, and MATLAB Function Block capabilities. It is recommended that you install a supported compiler on your machine.  
3. To accelerate computations with the following products, a supported compiler is required:  
    SimBiology 5.8.2 
    Fixed-Point Designer 6.3  
4. MATLAB Compiler SDK 6.6.1 requires the following:  
    ● a supported compiler for creation of C and C++ Shared libraries 
    ● a Java JDK for creation of Java packages 

10. Documentation
https://www.mathworks.com/help/releases/R2019a/install/index.html

== Ubuntu 1604 ==
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc_NVVfud5Y
[[
How to install MATLAB R2017a in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
68,544 views 91 40
SRM
Published on Aug 26, 2017
How to Install Matlab R2017a full in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64 bit in terminal and Activate
Server Client License version easy step by step.

1) sudo apt-get install lsb

2) log in with your account in https://in.mathworks.com/

3) copy File Installation key (FIK) and download license.lic file.

4) download matlab software R2017a (10 GB).

5) mount .iso file and start installation with 'INSTALL' file in terminal.

6) start Server Installation 
   In terminal by root user /media/(user name)/mathworks_R2017a/install

7) provide File Installation Key (FIK) and licence.lic file.

8) select all packages (for server).

9) start License Manager in server
   /usr/local/MATLAB/R2017a/etc/./lmstart

10) to activate Clients we required 'network.lic' file. It will we found on server.
    /usr/local/MATLAB/R2017a/licenses/network.lic
    copy this file for clients. in this file should have server's ip address instead of server hostname.

11) Start client installation. Use same steps as server just 2 changes.
    1) don't click 'License Manager' from products.
    2) use network.lic instead of license.lic.
]]


~
